this weekend The Wizarding World of
Harry Potter opens it's opened its doors
up down at Universal Studios in Orlando
Florida the theme pack is attracting
thousands and I'm sure much more than
that including muggles like me I had a
chance to go down and spend some time at
the theme park in the world of Harry
Potter and hang out with mr. Daniel
Radcliffe himself from the book to the
big screen Harry Potter has gone well
more than global he's hit another world
the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and
to walk this lot is to be back in
Harry's world
there's Ollivanders wand shop
perfect fit that's it there arrives for
the yard
and a little less young hey Ethan any
interest in riding this ride yeah what
are we waiting for give me a high five
here we go
and then there was a master of
ceremonies himself well lookie-lookie i
came in to get some chocolate and I run
into Harry Potter but you've been into
general so you're really good
nice to meet you nice to meet you sir
what movie are you here promoting
because it's hard to get a sense of that
just being here I'm not really sure
after 10 long years the final movie in
the series Rath filming last week so who
better to show a muggle like me around
then Harry himself have you ever called
JK and said do me a favor I need to keep
working you mind just shooting out
another installment no you know I
actually rang her up when I heard she
was doing there was a rumor he was doing
anything true
Harry Daniel Radcliffe is ready to enjoy
life a little bit but first a little fun
here at Hogg's meat staples zanko's and
honeydukes hey we didn't break anything
but if we did we put it on your tab
that's okay
fry Faysal I can't get well soon so I'm
just gonna put on okay does it sort of
go you know oyster and feel like there's
not going to lose our Bertie Botts every
flavour beans and some of them are very
very nice some of them all are foul you
don't chug all these back do you oh
they're not shot glass
this is really gross yeah I just
followed mine actually Jesus what is
that a much tastier treat brought to
life butter beer and co-stars Rupert
Grint and tom Felton aka Ron and Draco
joined me for a couple of cold ones and
before we knew it the emotions were
flowing do you feel a little sad with
this chapter in your life it is it's a
mixed emotions I mean we finished we had
the last day on Saturday which I miss
everybody emotional battle right that's
it crime yeah we all heard right yeah
are you a little sad that the whole
thing came to an end that it's over
we're up on Saturday it's dissolved I
don't know what my day-to-day life
consists of without going to work on
Harry Potter but lucky for the rest of
us now there's this little pocket of
Florida keeping the fantasy alive and
bringing the magic of Harry Potter to
life for years to come